Write Mynd Ltd: End User Licence Agreement (EULA), mobile application terms and conditions, privacy policy and acceptable use agreement

Terms and Conditions: Write Mynd Ltd: Terms of use (UK).

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING WRITE MYND LTD.

Terms of app use

This terms of use (together with the documents referred to in it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our mobile app whether as a guest or a registered user. Use of our app includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use our app.

Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our app, as these will apply to your use of our app. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.

By using our app, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.

If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our app.

Other applicable terms

These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our app:

Our Privacy Policy [found below], which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our app, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.

Information about us

Write Mynd is an app operated by Write Mynd Limited ("We"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 09822799 and have our registered office at 160 Kemp House, City Road, London, EC1V 2NX. Our main trading address is 160 Kemp House, City Road, London, EC1V 2NX. We are a limited company.

Changes to these terms

We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.

Changes to our app

We may update our app from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on app site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.

We do not guarantee that our app, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.

Accessing our app

Our app is made available to download free of charge. We reserve the right to monetise the app in different ways at a later stage. We do not guarantee that our app, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our app is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our app without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our app is unavailable at any time or for any period.

You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our app.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our app through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.

Our app is directed to people residing in the United Kingdom who are over 16 years of age. We do not represent that content available on or through our app is appropriate or available in other locations. We may limit the availability of our app or any service or product described on our site to any person or geographic area at any time. If you choose to access our app from outside the United Kingdom, you do so at your own risk.

You must be over 16 years of age to download our app.

Your account and password

If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at [lizzie@writemynd.com].

Intellectual property rights

We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our app, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. If you print out images of or content from our app, you must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.

Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our app must always be acknowledged.

You must not use any part of the content on our app for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.

If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our app will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.

No reliance on information

The content on our app is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our app.

Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our app, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.

Limitation of our liability

Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.

To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our app or any content on it, whether express or implied. We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our app; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our app.

If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.

If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our app for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.

We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.

We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our app. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.

Uploading content to our site

Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our app, or to make contact with other users of our app, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy below.

You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. If you are a consumer user, this means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.

Any content you upload to our app will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us and other users of the app a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties.

We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our app constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.

We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of our app.

We have the right to remove any posting you make on our app if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy below.
The views expressed by other users on our app do not represent our views or values.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.

Viruses

We do not guarantee that our app will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our app. You should use your own virus protection software.

You must not misuse our app by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our app, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our app. You must not attack our app via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our app will cease immediately.

Linking to our site

You must not establish a link to our app in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our app in any website that is not owned by you.
If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact lizzie@writemynd.com.

Third party links and resources in our site

Where our app contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.

Applicable law

If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.

Contact us

To contact us, please email lizzie@writemynd.com.

PRIVACY POLICY

WRITE MYND LIMITED (we) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.

SCOPE OF POLICY

This policy (together with our Terms and Conditions above) applies to your use of:
Write Mynd app (versions 1.3.1 and above) mobile application software (App), once you have downloaded or streamed a copy of the App onto your mobile telephone or handheld device (Device).
Any of the services accessible through the App (Services) that are available on the App Site or other sites of ours (Services Sites), unless this document states that a separate privacy policy applies to a particular Service, in which case that privacy policy only applies.

This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how We will treat it.

For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is Write Mynd Ltd of 160 Kemp House, City Road, London, EC1V 2NX.

INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU

We may collect and process the following data about you:

Information you give us (Submitted information): You may give us information about you by filling in forms on the App Site and the Services Sites (together Our Sites), or by corresponding with us (for example, by e-mail or chat). This includes information you provide when you register to use the App Site, download or register an App, subscribe to any of our Services, search for an App or Service, make an in-App purchase, share data via an App's social media functions, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem with an App or give feedback on the app, our Services, or any of our Sites. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, the Device's phone number, age, username, password and other registration information, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph.
Information we collect about you and your device. Each time you visit one of our Sites or use one of our Apps we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the type of mobile device you use, a unique device identifier (for example, your Device's IMEI number, the MAC address of the Device's wireless network interface, or the mobile phone number used by the Device), mobile network information, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile browser you use, time zone setting (Device Information);
Information stored on your Device, including contact information, friends lists, login information, photos, videos or other digital content, check ins, (Content Information);
details of your use of any of our Apps or your visits to any of Our Sites including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access (Log Information).
Location information. We may also use GPS technology to determine your current location. Some of our location-enabled Services require your personal data for the feature to work. If you wish to use the particular feature, you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing lizzie@writemynd.com.
Information we receive from other sources (Third Party Information). We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them. If you contact us, We may keep a record of that correspondence.
Unique application numbers: when you install or uninstall a Service containing a unique application number or when such a Service searches for automatic updates, that number and information about your installation, for example, the type of operating system, may be sent to us.

Uses made of the information

We use information held about you in the following ways:
Submitted Information: We may use this information to contact you with news and updates on the app and to enhance the development of the app.
Device information: We may use this information for analytics to enhance the development of the app.
Content Information: We may use this information for analytics to enhance the development of the app.
Log information: We may use this information for analytics to enhance the development of the app.
Location information: We may use this information for analytics to enhance the development of the app.
Third Party Information: We may use this information for analytics to enhance the development of the app.
Unique application numbers: We may use this information for analytics to enhance the development of the app.

We may associate any category of information with any other category of information and will treat the combined information as personal data in accordance with this policy for as long as it is combined.

Disclosure of your information

We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006.

We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that We sell or buy any business or assets, in which case We may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Write Mynd Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If We are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request.
In order to:
enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements or to investigate potential breaches; or
protect the rights, property or safety of Write Mynd Ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Where We store your personal data

The data that We collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. These staff may be engaged in the fulfilment of your request, order or reservation, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.

All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where We have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of Our Sites and App, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although We will do our best to protect your personal data, We cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to Our Sites and our App; any transmission is at your own risk.

Certain Services include social networking, chat room or forum features. Ensure when using these features that you do not submit any personal data that you do not want to be seen, collected or used by other users.

Your rights

You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if We intend to use your data for such purposes or if We intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms We use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at 160 Kemp House, City Road, London, EC1V 2NX OR lizzie@writemynd.com.

Our Sites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates (including, but not limited to, websites on which the App or the Services are advertised). If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites and any services that may be accessible through them have their own privacy policies and that We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for any personal data that may be collected through these websites or services, such as contact and location data. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites or use these services.

Access to information

The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with that Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information We hold about you.

Changes to privacy policy

Any changes We may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail OR when you next start the App. The new terms may be displayed on-screen and you may be required to read and accept them to continue your use of the App or the Services.

Contact

Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to 60 Kemp House, City Road, London, EC1V 2NX OR lizzie@writemynd.com.

ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY

In order to protect the experience and safety of people who use Write Mynd, there are some limitations on the type of content and behaviour that we allow. All users must adhere to the policies set forth in this policy. Failure to do so may result in the temporary locking and/or permanent suspension of account(s).
Please note that we may need to change these rules from time to time and reserve the right to do so. The most current version will always be available here.
(a)         Content Boundaries and Use of Write Mynd
There are some limitations on the type of content that can be published with Write Mynd:
·    Copyright: We will respond to clear and complete notices of alleged copyright infringement. Our copyright procedures are set forth in the Terms of Service.
·    Content: You may not use sexually explicit, violent or offensive wording in your posts. Write Mynd may allow some forms of adult content but We may ask you to remove the content, or remove it ourselves. You should never give advice to others in a post, or take content in other people’s posts to be advice for yourself or others.
·    Unlawful use: You may not use our service for any unlawful purposes or in furtherance of illegal activities. International users agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content.
(b)         Abusive Behavior
We do not tolerate abusive comments about others. This includes posts that harass, intimidate or scare other people. Any accounts and related accounts engaging in the activities specified below may be temporarily locked and/or subject to permanent suspension.
·    Violent threats (direct or indirect): You may not make threats of violence or promote violence, including threatening or promoting terrorism.
·    Harassment: You may not incite or engage in the targeted abuse or harassment of others.
·    Hateful conduct: You may not promote violence against or directly attack or threaten other people on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, or disease. We also do not allow accounts whose primary purpose is inciting harm towards others on the basis of these categories.
·    Multiple account abuse: Creating multiple accounts with overlapping uses or in order to evade the temporary or permanent suspension of a separate account is not allowed.
·    Private information: You may not publish or post other people's private and confidential information, such as credit card numbers, street address, or Social Security/National Identity numbers.
·    Impersonation: You may not impersonate others through the service in a manner that is intended to or does mislead, confuse, or deceive others.
·    Self-harm: You may encounter someone considering suicide or self harm on Write Mynd. When we receive reports that a person is threatening suicide or self harm, we may take a number of steps to assist them, such as reaching out to that person expressing our concern and the concern of other users on Write Mynd or providing resources such as contact information for our mental health partners.
Accounts under investigation may be removed from search for quality. Write Mynd reserves the right to immediately terminate your account without further notice in the event that, in its judgment, you violate this acceptable use policy.

